
===== JAGTRACK REACT - MODULE 2 =====
Student: Ashlyn Wolfe
Date: 12/16/2025 (Started project on November 13th)

---



EXERCISE 1: NAVIGATION & TABS


My Classes:
Modern American History, Spanish III, JavaScript, Chemistry
Chosen mostly for credits, though JavaScript is a personal passion of mine.


Classes Page Design:

- What color scheme did you choose for the tabs?
    I chose a basic theme similar to 
    the start of this project, where we 
    used yellow and blue, for my light 
    mode. For picking other themes, I 
    found color schemes on colorhunt 
    that I found pleasant.

- Did you complete the responsive tabs challenge?
    Yes, I did! The tabs correspond and 
    adjust which page JagTrack displays, 
    and each of which are fully integrated 
    and debugged except for the about me 
    page.

- What was challenging about making the tabs work?
    The tabs' color use a mantine default, 
    which is difficult to catch in code and 
    usually has to be overwritten to fit the 
    scheme. I ultimately was able to change 
    the text colors, but not the tab buttons.

---



EXERCISE 2: GOOGLE CALENDAR INTEGRATION


Calendar Setup:
- Did you create a new calendar or use an existing one?
    I used an existing calendar.

- How many Canvas iCal feeds did you add?
    I added seven feeds, as well as a
    seperate calendar with US holidays.

- Did you add them individually by course or as one combined feed?
    Each of my courses are in one 
    combined feed, but the holiday
    calendar is seperate.

Reflection:
- How will this calendar help you stay organized?
    This calendar will help in keeping
    track of my assignments in all of
    my classes at once, and makes it
    easier for it all to be in one place.

- What challenges did you face getting it set up?
    I faced a challenge of what to copy
    from the embed code, because both 
    codes in question were not fully
    clear.

- Did you customize the calendar view? Which view do you prefer?
    I prefer schedule view, because it
    allows me to see the full name of
    each calendar item, which is useful
    for organization.
    I customized it to be this way on
    the calendar page, but not the homepage.
    Both calendars are adjustable.

---



EXERCISE 3: DARK/LIGHT MODE TOGGLE


Color Scheme Design:
- What colors did you choose for light mode? Why?
    I used the basic colors we used in part
    one for simplicity, because it was quick
    and I liked how the theme looked.

- What colors did you choose for dark mode? Why?
    I used a dark pink scheme from colorhunt,
    because it fit the dark scheme and was
    pleasant on the eyes.

- How do your color choices reflect your personality or style?
    My personalized color choices are mainly
    monochromatic, revealing an interest in 
    one color at a time. While more colors
    can pop, too many makes each accent
    negligible.

- How did you ensure good contrast for accessibility?
    This is unfortunately not fully complete.
    The palettes I used are pretty, but do
    not have as many options as the theme
    wishes for, and as such some text and
    colors blend against the background.
    The alternative, however, is letting 
    colors potentially clash or be too bright,
    which I don't want either. Ultimately, I
    could revise this project's theme colors
    to include all that I need, though that is
    not my focus at the moment.

Theme Preferences:
- Which theme do you prefer personally and why? [Your answer]
    I prefer the base light mode, honestly.
    While the color is a bit intense, each
    word reads clearer (likely due to
    increased color variation) and little
    clashes against each other. It also fits
    the best by far with the default mantine colors.

- When do you think dark mode is most useful? [Your answer]
    Dark mode is most useful at night, allowing a
    user to look at their screen without having to
    adjust their eyes.

JavaScript Understanding:
- In your own words, what does the toggleTheme function do?
    toggleTheme allows a button to change the
    colors of a site as long as its variables
    are defined; the JavaScript file handles
    this cycle of changes, while the button 
    in the naviagation activates this toggle
    script and adjusts the button to match it
    instantly.

- What is localStorage and why is it useful?
    localStorage is the backend area of things
    that allows a user to store their entered
    info onsite. In this case, it is used for
    saving a user's theme preference, but it
    can also be used for logins or save data
    on a video or web game.

- Why does the theme preference persist when you reload the page?
    The theme preference stays due to being
    saved in localStorage, which the JavaScript
    can easily pull from.